What fills you with enthusiasm?
Do you enjoy talking about tasty food
or do you speak with enthusiasm
about the playful antics of your little niece or nephew?
Reasons for enthusiasm vary from person to person.
But why might a speaker who loves Jehovah
and who believes what he's saying
lack enthusiasm when speaking?
It's not enough just to prepare what to say.
We must get our heart involved.
Think about our listeners and breathe life into our delivery.
This is important both in the congregation and in the ministry.
As you watch the following example, consider the question,
does this sister need more enthusiasm for her subject or less?
The coming paradise will be wonderful.
Notice just one of the prophecies in the Bible
regarding the abundant blessings God has promised.
It's here at Isaiah 65, 21 and 22.
They will build houses and live in them,
and they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage.
They will not build for someone else to inhabit,
nor will they plant for others to eat.
So how did she do?
When we speak about the blessings of the new Earth under God's Kingdom,
we should brim with enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Let's watch another example.
The coming paradise will be wonderful.
Notice just one of the prophecies in the Bible
regarding the abundant blessings God has promised.
It's here in Isaiah 65, 21 and 22.
They will build houses and live in them,
and they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage.
They will not build for someone else to inhabit,
nor will they plant for others to eat.
For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree,
and the work of their hands,
my chosen ones will enjoy to the fall.
Well done.
Our sister spoke from the heart and breathed life into her material.
It was evident in her tone of voice and facial expression.
Of course, we need to be balanced.
We could tire our listeners if we project a high level of enthusiasm
throughout our presentation.
To illustrate this, watch this brother giving a talk at the Kingdom Hall.
What prophetic events can we expect in the near future?
First, there will be a pronouncement of peace and security.
Then, the great tribulation will begin when the nations turn on,
babble on the great, the world empire of false religion.
However, in harmony with the words of Matthew 24, 22,
the attack will be cut short on account of the chosen ones.
What will happen next?
Gog of Megag, a coalition of nations will attack God's people.
Also, what do you think?
The speaker was clearly enthusiastic,
a bit too enthusiastic about the devastating events to come.
Also, our listeners will be distracted if we use the same gesture repeatedly.
So we should try to make our gestures meaningful
and show enthusiasm primarily when teaching main points
and when motivating our listeners to action.
Let's give our brother another chance.
What prophetic events can we expect in the near future?
First, there will be a pronouncement of peace and security.
Then, the great tribulation will begin when the nations turn on,
babble on the great, the world empire of false religion.
However, in harmony with the words of Matthew 24, 22,
the attack will be cut short on account of the chosen ones.
What will happen next?
Gog of Megag, a coalition of nations will attack God's people.
But Jehovah will rescue his servants during Armageddon,
the war of the great day of God, the Almighty.
So, what must we do now?
Romans 12-11 commands us to be a glow with this spirit.
By putting enthusiasm into our delivery,
we'll stimulate and motivate our listeners to action.